2. Can a global variable in a C/C++ program be located in the static data section of the object module? Can it be located in the dynamic section?
In fact, a global variable must be located in the static data section. C only allows constant expressions at the global level,
so the call to `malloc` required to put a variable into dynamic memory can never be made at a global level.

3. What is the difference between logical address and physical address?
Logical addresses are represented in terms of an offset from the start of the object file. After relocation and linking,
they represent addresses as offsets from the start of the load module. In contrast, physical address is the physical
implementation of memory, and logical address is an abstraction over physical address. When logical address is mapped
to physical address, co-located addresses may become discontiguous.

4. What is the difference between object module and load module?
The object modules are the result of compiling each individual source file. Each source file gets mapped to an object
module, and that module represents the static data and function code for that particular source file. The load module is
the output of relocating and linking all the object modules together with shared library code, and it can actually be
loaded into memory.

5. What does "address space" refer to?
The "address space" of a program is the set of logical addresses mapped out by the load module. It's an abstraction over
physical memory that enables a 1-1 mapping from the source code to physical addresses, and allows us to talk about
operations in the source code as though they're happening directly in physical memory.

6. What is the system stack for?
The system stack is a data structure that resembles a deck of cards, and holds the function activation frames for each
function call in a running process.

7. Why does the load module have no dynamic data section even though the address space does?
The load module is a static view of the program once it has been compiled. Dynamic data cannot be known at compile time,
so the load module cannot include any such section.

8. The statements of a C/C++ program are translated by the compiler to machine instructions. Where are these instructions stored?
In the load module.

9. Is there any difference between linking and relocation? If so, describe it.
There is a difference - linking is the process by which multiple object modules are stitched together and combined with
static library modules to create a single unified load module. Relocation is the process of remapping logical addresses
in the object modules to offsets with respect to a single address where the load module itself begins.